Update README.md added quickstart guide. (#238)
RedHatOfficial/RedHatOfficial.github.io: README.md

### Hosting projects on /RedHatOfficial

Open an issue in *this* repo, and the owners of the RedHatOfficial organization will get in touch with you.

## Quick start

>     ```

Reviewer: This code block isn't upgrading correctly - can you tidy up the spacing a bit?

Author: I have not understood the line 49,51 could you pls explain it little bit?

    git clone https://github.com/RedHatOfficial/RedHatOfficial.github.io.git
    cd RedHatOfficial.github.io
    
    ```
 

> ## Building and Running Locally

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Building and running locally
```

Brand team prefers sentence case for headlines and I try to be consistent in documentation when possible.

> Building and running the Red Hat Official Project Page in your local dev environment is very easy. Be sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed, then follow the directions below. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To build and run this project in your local dev environment, follow the instructions below. Be sure you have [Node.js](https://nodejs.org/) installed before you start.
```

Try to avoid value statements like `very easy` because everyone has varying levels of experience and what is easy for one person is challenging for another.

1. Setup Webpack and babel-loader modules using npm

>    `npm install babel-loader webpack --save-dev`

Reviewer: All the required packages are defined in the package.json.  That means you do not need to install dependencies fresh to run the development environment, you only need to fire `npm install` and that will look at the `package.json` and determine what to install.  To that end, you can combine steps 1 & 2 here into just:

```
1. Install dependencies: `npm install`
```

   
2. Setup node-sass using npm 

   `npm install --save-dev node-sass`
   

> 3. Run a local Development Server

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. Run the local development server: `npm start`
```

   `npm start`
   
   

>  Red Hat Official Project Page will start running on [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The web page will start running on [localhost:8080](http://localhost:8080/).
```
